Say you are my place
Shouldn't I be here?
So you want to kill me?
Hey, everyone is there
It's you who sacrifice your life for money
How could I have killed you?
A mere 100 million will make you die for money?
Well, it really doesn't work. You can be my little brother
Be my watchdog
I happen to remember your ancestors
Three generations of security guards
Leaf Specialization
How about I give you 100 million a month?
Zhao Zixuan
Don't go too far. How can I go too far?
I'm just looking for a job for your little white face
Everyone, judge, no
Zhao Zixuan
The most important thing is money
money
Wow
Hmph, do you think I'm short of money?
Only people like you who do nothing every day
Money is on my mind
What are you missing?
Missing the woman I don't want, right?
Xu Tao, let's go
I don't want to be here.
Why do you say you are in pain?
Xu Tao, is it fun to pick up the trash I don't want?
Yes, I found a treasure.
By the way, thank you for giving it to me.
Stupid white paper, you want you too
Mr. Zhao can't afford this
Lost dead
No money if you win
You think we're here for fun?
Xu Tao
Can you stop hiding behind women all the time?
Ah!
I am Brother Tao's woman, which represents Brother Tao
Of course the loser is not qualified to talk to him
OK, give them the money.
Let them go!
You go get it
I'm dead meat.